Slight wording changes to match main Configuration page (#9)
DataDog/datadog-static-analyzer-circleci-orb: README.md

Set the following environment variables in the [CircleCI Project Settings page][1].

| Name         | Description                                                                                                                | Required |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|

> | `DD_API_KEY` | Your Datadog API key. This key is created by your [Datadog organization][2] and should be stored as a secret.              | True     |
> | `DD_APP_KEY` | Your Datadog application key. This key is created by your [Datadog organization][3] and should be stored as a secret.      | True     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_API_KEY` | Your Datadog API key. This key is created by your [Datadog organization][2] and should be stored as a secret.              | Yes     |
| `DD_APP_KEY` | Your Datadog application key. This key is created by your [Datadog organization][3] and should be stored as a secret.      | Yes     |
```

| Name         | Description                                                                                                                | Required | Default         |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------|

> | `service` | The service you want your results tagged with.                                                                                | True     |                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `service` | The service you want your results tagged with.                                                                                | Yes     |                 |
```

> | `env`     | The environment you want your results tagged with. Datadog recommends using `ci` as the value for this input.                 | False    | `none`          |
> | `site`    | The [Datadog site][4] to send information to. Your Datadog site is {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}.                                                                               | False    | {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `env`     | The environment you want your results tagged with. Datadog recommends using `ci` as the value for this input.                 | No    | `none`          |
| `site`    | The [Datadog site][4] to send information to. Your Datadog site is {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}.                                                                               | No    | {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}   |
```

> | `site`    | The [Datadog site][4] to send information to. You are currently viewing the documentation for the {{< region-param key="dd_site_name" code="true" >}} site, for which the correct value for this input would be {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}                                                                               | False    | `datadoghq.com` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `site`    | The [Datadog site][4] to send information to. Your Datadog site is {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}.                                                                               | False    | {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}   |
```
